obama budget targets gun violence: the obama budget proposes new spending in several areas to address gun viol . . .
another day , another budget . . . via
chairman murray’s statement on president obama’s budget proposal
president obama ' s budget proposal via the proposed budget to cut 1 . 8t of the deficit in the next 10 years
rt : api adjusts dates on last year ' s reaction to obama ' s budget , since the " new " budget has same proposals - . . .
via : live blog: the obama budget (refresh for updates): lipstick on a failed gov . . .
advocates for the elderly and disabled are angered by ' s federal budget proposal .
rt : 65 days after it was due by law , pres . obama finally released his budget . not surprising , it offers more of the same ht . . .
obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan
rt : u . s . rep . ann wagner uses patch blog to respond to obama budget proposal . . .
rt 10: obama budget calls for $37m for restoration , $26m for san joaquin river
rt 1: can ' t understand why liberals are so suspicious obama ' s budget is opening , not final offer . hasn ' t he always hung tough in . . .
obama unveils $3 . 77t budget
rt 1079atl: obama unveils $3 . 8 trillion budget for 2014 that would nearly double federal tax on cigarettes . - ap
obama budget: more spending + tax hikes + ss cuts = lots of anger - conservative byte via
obama ' s budget: tax hikes for the rich , tax hikes for the poor , defense cuts for everyone
rt : does obama ' s budget mean republicans are out of excuses ? is it a play for " applause from . . . editorial pages " ? both ? . . .
obama ' s 2014 budget: 2 . 5% deficit , and way more spending than from his first term . 2 . 5% deficit will potentially . . .
by the way , the bank tax in the obama budget has no chance of actually passing . it ' s there to boost the numbers .
obama pretends to eliminate $220 million state criminal alien assistant program , congress always restores $ ,
obama’s 2014 defense budget , a recipe for continued uncertainty: president obama’s newest defense budget reque . . .
obama budget proposes increasing oil spill liability tax by 1 and eliminating oil sands ' loophole '
obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan: us president barack obama unveils a $3 . 77tn (£2 . 4tn) budget that proposes fresh . . .
rt : obama budget two months late , declared dead on arrival - 2
rt : under president obama ' s budget , national debt in 2023 would top $25 trillion , with annual interest payments of $763 bi . . .
rt . . . pres obama told military-rich norfolk area , no need for another round of base closures . his budget today asks for two .
rt : budget update: gop demands chained cpi . obama offers chained cpi . gop rejects offer . media reports both sides won ' t com . . .
i missed the press conference on obama ' s new budget , that means i ' m definitely watching tonight .
rt : obama ' s defense budget shows the drone spending boom is over
rt : read: obama ' s 2014 budget proposal
rt : obama’s budget raises taxes by $1 trillion , almost double previous estimates… . . .
kevin glass: obama ' s budget: tax hikes for the rich , tax hikes for the poor , defense cuts for everyone: presid . . .
obama unveils $3 . 77t budget: president barack obama said wednesday his budget proposal for 2014 is a . . .
obama says budget offers fiscally responsible path , urges compromise: april 10 - p . . .
heritage - live blog: the obama budget (refresh for updates): lipstick on a failed government-centric energy p . . .
quick hits on obama ' s newly released budget via
today marks the fourth time in five years that president obama has submitted a budget to congress after it was due .
rt : president obama: " my budget also replaces the foolish across-the-board spending cuts that are already hurting our economy . "
yup . rt obama’s budget: more bad news for young people
2 . 3 million strong petition opposing obama budget dropped off at white house from
just click to help . . obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan: us president barack obama unveils a $3 . 77tn (£2 . 4tn) bu . . .
obama leans on high earners for more taxes in 2014 budget plan via
president obama ' s fy 2014 budget includes universal preschool
see how much obama cares about reducing the deficit here
the whole $10 ? “: obama budget has " $112 million in new funds to help schools develop and implement emergency preparedness plans " ”
rt : president obama unveils $3 . 77tn budget proposal , calling for fresh taxes on wealthy & cuts to benefit programmes http . . .
obama’s 2014 budget , by agency: president barack obama ' s administration on wednesday released a $3 . 778 trillio . . .
barack obama unveils $3 . 77tn budget plan - bbc news
rt : see how much obama cares about reducing the deficit here
president obama ' s 2014 budget proposal via
interactive: how the obama budget stacks up against paul ryan’s via 2
rt : ’s budget calls for $580b in new taxes & a $744b deficit rt to agree we can’t afford his failed econ policies . . .
pres . obama ' s budget proposal threatens tax incentives that allow millions of americans to save for retirement:
obama ' s budget rescues the pentagon
rt : white house: new obama budget not a ' starting point ' for gop talks . already met gop more than halfway--we ' re done . http . . .
rt : read -->agency-by-agency analysis of obama budget: ( . . .
obama budget would increase u . s . clean-energy spending
rt : obama has not been able to stop fracking . . . so his budget adds $94 billion in higher taxes on energy . watch y . . .
rt 7newsbayarea: just in: president obama unveils $3 . 8 trillion budget for 2014 that would nearly double federal tax on cigarettes .
president obama: budget is ' fiscally responsible ' : president barack obama called his 2014 budget proposal a " f . . .
rt 500: white house: budget not ' starting point ' for gop talks ; obama already went " more than halfway " . . .
bho sends $3 . 77 trillion budget spending plan to congress - chicago sun-times via pony up
good news: president obama has released his . bad news: it’s 65 days late and $744 billion short of
" my budget does also contain the compromise i offered speaker boehner at the end of last year , " obama said , . . .
budget counts on energy taxes , royalties: mr . obama has sought for years to repeal tax advantages for energy c . . .
rt : a bumbling bladderskythe rt : president obama: " my budget makes these investments to (cont)
" obama angers republicans , democrats as new budget unveiled to congress " …
obama on budget: ' not a lot of smoke and mirrors in here '
delayed obama budget misses raised expectations | fox news via
barack obama is a busy man , what with budget negotiations , gun control issues , international crises and the . . .
oh wow rt “: obama unveils $3 . 8 trillion budget for 2014 which would nearly double federal tax on cigarettes - ”
agency-by-agency analysis of obama budget: ( )
obama is to budget as rosie o ' donnell is to diet .
what is wrong with obama: wanting to cut social security & possibly sell tva ? fdr is rolling over in his grave !
awesome ! rt " : breaking: obama unveils $3 . 8 trillion budget for 2014 that would nearly double federal tax on cigarettes . -mm "
actual text in my : " our economy is stronger when we harness the talents and ingenuity of striving , hopeful immigrants . "
. obama budget " saves " money by not continuing occupation of . we could save more because war of 1812 is over .
us health budget raises spending for reform , mental health: washington (reuters) - president barack obama ' s . . .
rt : obama ' s budget proposal seems to have infuriated democrats and republicans alike . for the record , i like it a lot .
obama ' s wasted budget energy | human events:
rt : rt : rt if you think this is unacceptable: obama budget skyrockets the total u . s . debt to $25 . 4 trillion by 2023
rt : obama sends congress $3 . 77 trillion spending plan:
in his budget plan released today , president obama proposed using a new inflation index as the basis for cost of . . .
new video: the definition of insanity: with the unveiling of president obama’s “budget” today , the hous . . .
7 things to know about obama ' s budget
rt : president barack obama sends long-awaited 2014 to , read the budget breakdown here . . .
seniors would see smaller social security checks under obama budget via
8triat budget ? obama don ' t need no stinking budget ! says the lib moonbats .
obama budget checkmates congressional republicans <-- obama gave boehner & mcconnell cuts wanted now not good enough
how white houses ' 2014 budget will impact various government agencies .
military spending cut & now big cia budget cuts proposed , yet spending goes up and up .
us growth to pick up to 3 . 2% in 2014: obama budget | bangkok post: news
rt : obama enjoys extravagant ' sequester soul concert ' at white house amid massive budget cuts~ >
wagner statement on president obama’s budget | congresswoman ann wagner: via
obama budget would increase spending on renewable energy
obama ' s budget compromise: something to upset everyone via
obama sends congress $3 . 8t budget that trims social security , ups taxes: president barack obama is sending con . . .
rt : obama ' s budget compromise: something to upset everyone via
rt : obama ' s budget includes $1 . 8 trillion in deficit reduction over a decade and $3 . 8 trillion in spending in 2014: . . .
obama wants 94-cent increase in federal cigarette tax: president barack obama’s budget plan would incr . . .
wjla bizgov: president obama ' s 2014 budget raises taxes , trims benefits
president barack obama declared wednesday that his newly unveiled fiscal 2014 budget would “reignite” sputtering economic growth and pressed
liberal bloggers already speculating that obama ' s budget is some ridiculous far-sighted attempt to discredit the gop as a whole
rt : president obama ' s budget is more of the same . more spending , more taxes and more debt .
a look at potential deals as president obama releases his budget plan today .
rt response from gop leaders to obama budget confirms beyond doubt that gop will never agree to any fiscal compromise , ever .
mt ‏ let the wild budget rumpus begin . details on obama ' s budget request via
two months late , obama delivers his budget: here’s what you need to know , more spending !
obama budget aims to raise $580 billion in new taxes from old ideas targeting rich
a man of rochdale obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan: us president barack obama unveils a $3 . . . .
rt : proposed obama budget reintroduces 28% cap on exemptions including for higher earners . still unlikely to beco . . .
rt 007: fuk the n fuk he fukin up erything
rt 2014: president obama calls his budget a " balanced approach . " yeah , right . rt and spread the word:
obama unveils new budget plan and gets tepid republican response via
video: budget preserves " ironclad guarantee " of medicare , obama says
rt : i gotta say , i appreciate that obama ' s budget proposal makes cuts to medicare and medicaid .
rt : obama budget includes 94-cent tax hike on cigarettes: president obama ' s budget plan would increase taxes by $5 . . . ht . . .
" obama budget catching hell from both sides: why that’s a good sign . " via
i liked a video boehner: obama deserves some credit for budget
obama unveils budget , heralding fiscal showdown | bangkok post: news
white house releases 3 . 8 trillion dollar budget . question . where in the hell is the money for it ?
rt : obama: tax the rich , spare the poor , remember the young . ryan: save the rich , forget the poor ; spare the old . . . .
obama budget: one-day celebrity ?
rt“: pres obama unveils $3 . 8 trillion budget for 2014 that would nearly double federal tax on cigarettes” as a smoker , will gladly pay it
us president barack obama unveils a $3 . 77tn (£2 . 4tn) budget that proposes fresh taxes on the wealthy along wit . . .
guardian: the political calculus of president obama ' s 2014 budget plan | anne daguerre: banking on gop rejecti . . .
obama touts budget plan , gop says it ' s not serious
obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan: us president barack obama unveils a $3 . . . .
obama ' s 2014 budget numbers based on imagined spending cuts and a middle-class tax hike 2
obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan: us president barack obama unveils a $3 . 77tn . . .
president obama ' s budget: $8 . 2t new debt , $1 . 1t new taxes & $964b in new spending . it grows fed gov ' t & never balances .
obama ' s $3 . 77 trillion budget plan: obama budget targets millionaires , replaces sequester cutswashington (reut . . .
" : breaking: obama unveils $3 . 8 trillion budget for 2014 that would nearly double federal tax on cigarettes . -mm " fucking democrats -_-
obama sends 3 . 8 trillion budget to congress
interesting idea . . . .
looking for a little light reading (244 pages ! ) rt: document: president obama ' s 2014 budget
rt : hoped pres obama ' s would include real solutions . sadly , it ' s just more of the same & : . . .
rt : the obama is a bad afterthought instead of a good answer to america’s challenges . . . .
rt : obama budget: based on bad math , phantom revenues , imagined spending cuts and a middle-class tax hike~ > . . .
rt : [ news ] obama calls new budget a ' fiscally responsible blueprint ' - npr (blog): npr (blog)obama calls new budge . . . http . . .
obama says budget offers fiscally responsible path , urges compromise: april 10 - president barack obama says h . . .
freedomworks responds to president obama’s “april fool’s” budget: washington , dc- following th . . .
obama budget includes $66 billion to fund ‘preschool for all’ initiative 2
the obama budget proposal: tax increase on charity: oswego , ny - june 20: people wait in line wit . . .
obama introduced his budget this morning . what do you think ?
rt : fa chrmn : ' s budget " a cruel joke on those who have suffered most " under obama . . .
white house admits obama budget has middle class tax hike via
rt : new budget proposal attacks the wealthy and smokers . . . oddly enough , president obama is both .
president obama: budget is ' fiscally responsible '
damn . . . . rt : breaking: president obama ' s budget seeks to tax carried interest as ordinary income
“: one budget proposal is a 94 cents-a-pack increase in the tax . 549
rt : : obama budget raises taxes & spending ; ignores eliminating billions in duplication . new letter: ht . . .
rt : he really wants if gone . . . john boehner: obama budget deserves some credit for entitlement cuts via . . .
obama unveils 2014 budget plan - financial times
rt : on campaign , pres obama told military-rich norfolk area there was no need for another round of base closures . his budget t . . .
obama says budget offers fiscally responsible path , urges compromise: april 10 - president barack . . .
oklahoma lawmakers react to obama ' s budget proposal
rt : breaking: obama budget both a " risky gambit " and a " cautious approach . "
obama unveils $3 . 77t budget: president barack obama on wednesday proposed a $3 . 77 trillion budget f . . .
rt : tell your senators to oppose the cuts in president obama ' s !
rt : someone , please tell obama that " gimme ! gimme ! gimme ! " is not a budget .
freedomworks responds to president obama’s “april fool’s” budget: washington , dc- following the . . . 2 21 2b
it ' s not your money: retirement caps in obama ' s new budget plan (click to read)
pentagon budget request sticks with obama priorities , ignores deficit law
obama’s budget plan: raise taxes on middle class , gut charities via
rt : us sen on obama budget: " . . . a blueprint for a recession " " recycled liberal ideas " & " useless . " i don . . .
rt : triple it rt : obama unveils $3 . 8 trillion budget for 2014 which would nearly double federal tax on cigare . . .
white house admits obama budget has middle class tax hike
rt : mitt romney has a sad . rt : breaking: president obama ' s budget seeks to tax carried interest as ordinary i . . .
rt : call 1-877-814-7890 and tell your senators to reject the & veterans cuts in obama ' s ! http . . .
the most horrifying line of the obama budget is on page 217:
obama to debut us budget: the white house is billing the budget as a document which proves that the need to cu . . .
breaking news ! obama budget hits millionaires , axes sequester cuts
bbc news - barack obama unveils $3 . 77tn budget plan
obama ' s new budget is actually giving republicans exactly what they asked for in december via
president obama ' s fy 2014 budget reduces srf funding for clean water and drinking water projects by $472 million to $1 . 9 billion .
obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan: us president barack obama unveils . . .
rt : obama wants to cut social security . here ' s my cartoon: # . . .
rt : “1690: talks with 75 of re president obama ' s planned budget cuts to social se . . .
big question on obama ' s is not what ' s in it , but how much it will matter . will any of it impact debates over ?
rt : agency-by-agency analysis of obama budget: ( )
obama calls for social security cut — and buries it at the very bottom of the announcement via
relies on hikes already rejected by , plus new tax on , writes .
rt 1957: obama finally unites washington…in opposition to his budget:
what ' s new ! obama budget hits millionaires , axes sequester cuts
join the bnp here: obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan: us president barack obama unveils a $3 . . .
rt : breaking: obama unveils $3 . 8 trillion budget for 2014 that would nearly double federal tax on cigarettes . -mm
rt : obama ' s compromise budget offer has spending levels and revenue levels both 1 point of gdp lower than simpson bowles .
house gop leaders criticizes obama for conditioning budget entitlement reforms on support for high taxes -
rt : obama’s tin ear on the budget and gun control . luh-who-who-zer . via
rt 7301: white house admits obama budget has middle class tax hike via
obama ' s defense budget shows the drone spending boom is over
rt : breaking: pres . obama proposes to cut funding to the state revolving loan funds by $472 million in his fy2014 budget . . .
obama budget would increase u . s . clean-energy spending - * with other cuts , obama keeps support for signature effort
rt : **aarp blasts obama ' s historic plan to cut social security . . .
think obama ' s budget is bad ? bush was a bigger spender
obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan: us president barack obama unveils a $3 . 77tn (£2 . 4tn) budget that proposes fr . . .
" obama expects his 2014 budget to cut another $2 trillion from the deficit , but doing so in a " balanced and . . .
rt : 50b in obama budget for infrastructure . we are 3t behind on repairs . that ' s 0 . 016% of what ' s needed just to catch up . g . . .
rt : kevin glass: obama ' s budget: tax hikes for the rich , tax hikes for the poor , defense cuts for everyone: presid . . . . . .
obama asks for $2 . 5 million in budget proposal for new political status referendum in puerto rico via
rt : response from gop leaders to obama budget confirms beyond doubt that gop will never agree to any fiscal compromise , ever .
gop: obama budget would increase debt to $25 . 4 trillion via
obama has a new budget plan that might work , says his fake girlfriend .
pentagon budget request sticks with obama priorities , ignores deficit law - forbes: pentagon budget request st . . .
' s champion obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan: us president barack obama unveils a $3 . . .
obama proposes 94-cent tax hike on cigarettes: president barack obama ' s budget plan would increase t . . .
" : obama ' s budget proposal seems to have infuriated democrats and republicans alike . for the record , i like it a lot . "
rt : story: obama releases 2014 budget |
rt : obama unveils $3 . 8 trillion budget for 2014 which would nearly double federal tax on cigarettes -
just a smidge rt : not a lot of smoke and mirrors , you guys . so their is *some* then ?
rt : fine with me . rt : obama unveils $3 . 8 trillion budget for 2014 which would nearly double federal tax on cigar . . .
never anything new " : go watch obama ' s remarks on fy 2014 budget request lies , lies , & more damn lies . "
obama debuts budget , joining new fiscal showdown: washington , d . c . - to republican mockery , president barack . . .
rt : president obama released his budget proposal that includes a major reorganization of dollars . . . .
" obama ' s budget: $1 . 1 trillion in new taxes , $8 . 2 trillion in new debt , nearly $1 trillion in new spending , and it won ' t balance -- ever . "
rt : obama backs up early pledges in his budget with a proposed $66b for universal preschool: . . .
rt : president obama’s budget is late and misguided . it keeps us on the path of debt and decline with more spending and mo . . .
check out this article from . delayed obama budget misses raised expectations:
with all the tax & spend problems in obama ' s late , treas . sec ' s " starting point " attitude isn ' t very helpful:
oklahoma ' s weather today is perfect for reading the full pdf of president obama ' s budget proposal:
' s budget: tax hikes for the rich , tax hikes for the poor , defense cuts for everyone .
obama budget includes $150 billion in defense cuts via
obama unveils new budget plan and gets tepid republican response
washington (ap) — president barack obama on wednesday is sending congress his 2014 budget , an effort to achieve . . .
what they’re saying: president obama’s budget via
rt : president obama ' s federal budget proposal for 2014 fiscal year: infographic
rt : rt : want to read the president ' s budget yourself ? it ' s all here:
obama unveils new budget plan and gets tepid republican response: president barack obama unveiled his proposed . . .
president obama’s budget capitulation 2
obama budget cuts medicare benefits and provider payments
freedomworks responds to president obama’s “april fool’s” budget
“: breaking: obama unveils $3 . 778 trillion budget plan , seeks budget deal with republicans lolz
us growth to hit 3 . 2% in 2014 says obama budget via
obama’s 2014 budget , by agency -
rt : fannie & freddie are $7 . 3t in debt 50 . obama & rezko ring a bell ? obama can ' t e . . .
: obama unveils new budget plan and gets tepid republican response: president barack obama unveiled h . . .
speaker on budget: ' whoop-dee-doo ' : house republican leaders criticized president obama for conditioning the e . . .
rt : cnn apparently put the chances of obama ' s budget getting passed at " minus infinity , " which is equal to infinity
obama’s proposed budget to seek $235 million for new mental health programs
rt : washington (ap) -- obama unveils $3 . 8 trillion budget for 2014 that would nearly double federal tax on cigarettes .
president obama unveils $3 . 77tn budget proposal , calling for fresh taxes on wealthy & cuts to benefit programmes
story: obama releases 2014 budget |
rt : 2013 spending=$3 . 6 trillion . obama 2014 budget with " spending cuts " & revenue increases=$3 . 8 trillion . figure that . . .
obama’s budget raises taxes by $1 trillion , almost double previous estimates…
rt 43: obama’s budget raises taxes by trillion , almost double previous estimates…
obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan: us president barack obama unveils a $3 . 77tn (£2 . 4tn) budget that proposes fresh taxes on the wealth . . .
bbc news: obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan: us president barack obama unveils a $3 . 77tn (£2 . 4tn) budget that p . . .
the obama budget proposal: tax increase on charity: oswego , ny - june 20: people wait in line with boxes to c . . .
president obama’s $3 . 8 trillion 2014 budget takes knife to … - visit our site
rt : president barack obama sent a 2014 budget to congress that includes $580 billion in new taxes over the next decade . . .
rt : obama budget has " $112 million in new funds to help schools develop and implement emergency preparedness plans "
obama 2014 budget analysis: numbers based on imagined spending cuts and a middle-class tax hike via
someone , please tell obama that " gimme ! gimme ! gimme ! " is not a budget .
president barack obama sent a 2014 budget to congress that includes $580 billion in new taxes over the next decade
reading obama ' s budget remarks , full of howlers . economy will grow if ' washington doesn ' t get in the way . ' what ' s he been doing for 4 years ?
. 08 on obama plan: only grows . . govt , not the economy . . . need a plan that shows america is open 4 business
rt : chart: how spending in president obama ' s 2014 budget compares with other proposals
rt : like . rt breaking: president obama ' s budget seeks to tax carried interest as ordinary income . 2
delayed obama budget misses raised expectations
rt : white house admits obama budget has middle class tax hike
obama’s budget raises taxes by trillion , almost double previous estimates… via
rt : obama budget targets millionaires , replaces sequester cuts
rt : obama budget would increase us clean-energy spending - chicago tribune
rt : president obama ' s new budget eliminates nearly all of the cuts sequestration imposes on the pentagon |
rt : relies on hikes already rejected by , plus new tax on , writes . ht . . .
rt : president obama ' s budget proposal calls for substantial changes to tv , including the possibility of se . . .
the political calculus of president obama ' s 2014 budget plan - the guardian
rt : white house admits obama budget has middle class tax hike via
" read ->agency-by-agency analysis of obama :
us president barack obama unveils a $3 . 77tn (£2 . 4tn) budget that proposes fresh taxes on th . . .
rt : chained cpi in obama’s budget obscures eroding tax breaks via
rt : obama and ryan ' s dueling budget plans through 2023
rt : delayed obama budget misses raised expectations | fox news via
obama leans on high earners for more taxes in 2014 budget
rt : obama budget proposes increasing oil spill liability tax by 1 and eliminating oil sands ' loophole '
obama: republicans should help ‘finish the job’ of deficit reduction | the ticket - yahoo ! news via
news: obama budget slashes funding for sc mox plant
rt : 7 things to know about obama ' s budget (via )
top 10% pay 71% of taxes while earning 43% of income . who is john galt ? obama ' s 2014 budget via
rt : president obama ' s $3 . 77 trillion budget would be the third highest , after the yankees and dodgers
rt : obama seeks to allay liberals ' concerns over his budget
new on frankly curious: obama ' s childish budget gambit -
document: president obama ' s 2014 budget
us growth to pick up to 3 . 2% in 2014: obama budget
john boehner: obama budget deserves some credit for entitlement cuts via
breaking news: obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan: us president barack obama unveils a $3 . 77tn (£2 . 4tn) budget t . . .
live now: pres . obama ' s economic team breaks down his fy 2014 budget .
: breaking: president obama ' s budget seeks to tax carried interest as ordinary income
obama budget includes $235m for mental health , gun violence
great breakdown of obama ' s budget by . most interesting is tax on smokers , edu & cyber security imo .
obama ' s compromise budget offer has spending levels and revenue levels both 1 point of gdp lower than simpson bowles .
rt : obama’s 2014 budget , by agency -
rt : hey obama . . . . thought april was budget responsible month . . . your $3 . 77trillion budget . . . more debt , not balanced . . .
rt : has obama gone crazy with this new budget ? 2 , 000 pages ? more tax hikes ? wasn ' t obamacare enough ? does he want anot . . .
report: obama to ask for lab budget increase: the obama administration’s proposed 2014 budget , to . . .
obama ' s budget proposal increases welfare spending by 70% ! ! !
bad news for inspectors and other " wasteful spending " targets - obama is coming after you in the new budget
+1: " join the live chat visit . . " by
mt : quick hits on obama ' s new budget: what do you think ?
fuk the n fuk he fukin up erything
happening now : briefing on president obama ' s fiscal year 2014 budget – watch live at
rt 10: obama calls for $37m for restoration and $26m for san joaquin river
rt : obama budget proposal really kicks federal employees while they are down-fed unions will have tough time supporting dem . . .
what ? ! ? ! obama ' s budget shows he wants to keep taxing , spending , and wrecking the country ? ! ? ! what a non-surprise . . . duh ! fire the dems
rt " : paying for pre-k -- obama budget proposes increase in federal cigarette taxes from $1 . 01 to $1 . 95 per pack " great idea !
photo: spaceplasma: hidden deep in obama’s fiscal year 2014 budget is this item: “begins work on a mission . . .
obama budget proposal includes cuts to social security , medicare – live blog
does obama ' s budget mean republicans are out of excuses ? is it a play for " applause from . . . editorial pages " ? both ?
rt : the obama budget has something for everyone to hate
rt : . . . obama ' s new budget (two months late) adds $8 . 2 trillion in debt , $1 . 1 trillion in new and higher taxes . . . wo . . .
obama ' s fourth budget proposal two months late and dead on arrival ! !
rt : pres obama unveils fy14 budget that cuts deficit by $1 . 8t in 10 yrs in taxes for every $2 in cuts . like . . .
budget would increase u . s . clean-energy spending: |
obama budget seeks deal in mix of cuts and spending: in his $3 . 7 trillion budget proposal on wednesday , president obama has included . . .
obama budget seeks to raise taxes , royalties on energy companies
obama ' s new budget : the definition of insanity (video)
obama sends congress $3 . 8 trillion budget: president barack obama is sending congress a $3 . 8 trillion spending . . .
rt : . obama budget " saves " money by not continuing occupation of . we could save more because war of 18 . . .
rt : obama budget: gotta love tax payers for common sense ! budget shy on details ! o must exlplain cuts
rt : rt : obama offers $295 million to expand choice , $66 million for 3 , flat fun . . .
obama making a budget is like a burglar making a shopping list .
obama unveils new budget plan and gets tepid republican response - nbcnews
rt 0423: obama ' s fourth budget proposal two months late and dead on arrival ! !
obama budget would boost doe ' s budget 8% , cut epa by 3 . 5% versus 2012 enacted levels
rt : slams small business: proposed small business retirement cap is 40% less than obama ' s pension . . . .
obama ' s budget:tax hikes 4the rich , tax hikes for the poor , defense cuts for everyone - kevin glass via
think obama ' s budget is bad ? bush was a bigger spender: mark tapscott president obama ' s two-month-late federal . . .
rt : rt rt if you think this is unacceptable: obama budget skyrockets the total u . s . debt to $25 . 4 trillion b . . .
“: breaking: obama unveils $3 . 778 trillion budget plan , seeks budget deal with republicans you must be joking .
“@13lasalleblanks: pres obama sends his 2014 budget plan to congress today . . . . will discuss it over dinner w republican leaders” get it done
on both sides , obama ' s budget anticipated as a dud: president obama will unveil his budget later today , offering . . .
us expected to increase aid to syrian rebels: president barack obama says his proposed $3 . 77 trillion budget f . . .
obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan: us president barack obama unveils a $3 . 77tn (£2 . 4tn) budget that propos . . .
a surprising part of the obama budget: half a billion dollars cut from the epa & the treasury department
new video: obama urges republicans to meet halfway on 2014 budget
uk-bbc: obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan . more -
rt 2: " read ->agency-by-agency analysis of obama : . . .
president obama ' s budget proposal calls for substantial changes to tv , including the possibility of selling it .
obama budget to include cuts to programs in hopes of deal -
obama: budget shrinks deficits and expands economy: president barack obama says his proposed $3 . 77 tril . . .
obama ' s budget: tax hikes for the rich , tax hikes for the poor , defense cuts for all - kevin glass via
president barack obama sent a proposed $3 . 77 trillion fiscal 2014 budget to congress this morn . . .
pakis rape kids: obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan: us president barack obama unveils a $3 . . . .
obama budget includes $66 billion to fund ‘preschool for all’ initiative by
first on interview with gene sperling about obama’s budget today on with
pres . obama ' s new budget funds a new pr plebescite: pdf of text here:
obama: tax the rich , spare the poor , remember the young . ryan: save the rich , forget the poor ; spare the old .
obama’s budget raises taxes by trillion , almost double previous estimates
rt : i accept that the blues are a necessary budget cut , but the obama family should cut back their lavish life style before . . .
what about obama ' s budget ? cutting ss wages and medicare and raising taxes again ! he must be kidding ! ppl not gonna stand this anymore !
politics: here ' s what ' s in obama ' s no-good , horrible , very bad budget -
’s budget to seek $235 million for programs
obama touts budget plan , gop says it ' s not serious - cbs news: obama touts budget plan , gop says it ' s not seri . . .
the obama budget proposal: tax increase on charity
obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan: us president barack obama unveils a $ . . .
obama proposes 94-cent tax hike on cigarettes: washington (ap) — president barack obama ' s budget p . . .
nea news: nea president: cuts to social security and healthcare programs in obama budget plan ‘a disappointment’
rt : what has more taxes , more government , and never balances ? president obama ' s budget . my statement:
join the bnp here: obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan: us president barack obama unveils a . . . leeds
rt : president obama ' s new budget eliminates nearly all of the cuts sequestration imposes on the pentagon . . .
obama budget revives revenue fight>money for parties but none for tours ? let them eat cake ! want to see wh ? run for president !
obama reveals budget plan including 3 . 77 trillion in spending and for first time , cuts to social security .
: obama unveils $3 . 8 trillion budget for 2014 which would nearly double federal tax on cigarettes -
obama touts budget plan , gop says it ' s not serious: the president belatedly unveiled his budget blueprint but ultimately it will only . . .
president obama speaks on the budget - video
2 2b | here&#039 ; s president obama&#039 ; s $3 . 77 trillion budget proposal for 2014…
barack obama says budget offers fiscally responsible path , urges compromise
president obama ' s new ' fiscally responsible ' budget says the same old things: president obama ' s new ' fiscally . . .
rt 1953: obama budget checkmates congressional republicans who refuse to take ' yes ' for an answer - forbes
president obama released his budget proposal that includes a major reorganization of dollars .
obama sends congress $3 . 8t budget that trims social security , ups taxes
stacked line up on : jonathan van meter on weiner ; gen . skip sharp on nk ; , & on obama ' s budget
video: obama says budget offers fiscally responsible path , urges compromise
president barack obama sends long-awaited 2014 to , read the budget breakdown here 9
try asexuality now: obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan: us president barack obama unveils a . . .
rt : obama: budget proposal is " fiscally responsible blueprint " for jobs , growth .
obama budget includes 94-cent tax hike on cigarettes
rt : obama budget proposes a bank tax of $59 billion over ten years on banks with assets over $50b . this is $2 billion less . . .
nyt: obama unveils budget meant to draw gop to the table would include buffet rule & limit deductions for rich to 28%
i favorited a video boehner: obama deserves some credit for budget
remarks by the president announcing the fiscal year 2014 budget
so , obama unveiled his budget 2day . . . . weeks after congress voted on 4 other budget proposals . . . a little late to the ballgame , mr . president .
you either meant ' billion ' , or ' every 8 hour budget ' . rt nasa given $17 . 7 million in obama ' s 2014 federal budget proposal
obama budget has " $112 million in new funds to help schools develop and implement emergency preparedness plans "
[ rappler ] obama debuts budget , joining new fiscal showdown | washington , d . c . - to republican mockery , presiden . . .
obama unveils $3 . 77 trillion budget plan
rt : obama ' s $3 . 8 trillion budget for 2014 would nearly double federal tax on cigarettes:
obama ' s budget hits seniors , low-income taxpayers ! it proposes cuts to social security screwing baby boomers ! what ?
rove on the ' gimmicks ' in obama ' s budget: former bush adviser weighs in
man obama ' s ' budget sure is great !
obama budget: posted by ednksu:
love your rat: obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan: us president barack obama unveils a $3 . 7 . . .
think obama ' s budget is bad bush was a bigger spender
obama proposes 94-cent tax hike on cigarettes: president barack obama ' s budget plan would increase taxe . . .
obama: budget to spur growth
seven things to know about obama ' s budget
live blog: the obama budget (refresh for updates): lipstick on a failed government-centric energy policy . . .
obama proposes $744b deficit , $3 . 77t spending in 2014 budget - the hill ' s on the money
news obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan
obama’s defense budget shows the drone spending boom is over: the pentagon has bought a lot of flying s . . .
obama budget targets millionaires , replaces sequester cuts via
health budget raises spending for reform , mental health: washington (reuters) - president barack obama ' s propo . . .
obama budget shadowed by gov ' t . waste report - politics - cbn news - christian news 24-7 -
rt : obama budget in brief: kill goose , get lots of golden eggs .
obama ' s suggests privatizing tva . i thought that was a republican talking point . it isn ' t a terrible idea , if done correctly .
“:obama sent 2014 budget to congress that includes $580 billion in new taxes over next decade really ?
rt : happening now : briefing on president obama ' s fiscal year 2014 budget – watch live at
barack obama ' s 244-page tax and spend bill aka ' budget ' embedded
rt : president obama ' s fiscal year 2014 budget: full pdf:
transcript of obama’s remarks on the budget: the white house transcript of president barack obama ' s remarks on . . .
obama budget includes 94-cent tax hike on cigarettes via
obama’s budget faces bipartisan opposition ; social security plan angers his liberal base
president obama to release budget later today
rt : new obama budget proposes 1% raise for federal employees and approx 6% in direct pay cuts & on top of that-retireme . . .
reuters business ▸ obama says budget offers fiscally responsible path , urges compromise
rt : breaking: president obama ' s budget seeks to tax carried interest as ordinary income
rt : for sixty-five days , president obama has ignored his constitutional obligation to turn in a budget . he has broken t . . .
obama ' s budget: tax hikes for the rich , tax hikes for the poor , defense cuts for everyone > jhc ! need ammo 4 suicide !
obama ' s budget targets ira savings - bob beauprez on via
rt : $600 milion in budget cuts grounds 17 usaf squadrons . obama giving afghanistan $700 million in helicopters . . .
obama ' s budget would cap tax-advantaged savings: some of us have worried for decades that when america ' s tax-a . . .
outed by their own stats ! rt : c how much obama cares abt reducing the deficit here
obama ' s budget is never getting passed anyways . we both know this . hell , obama knows it .
cornyn: obama budget is ' more of the same '
obama ' s fy2014 budget renews $1 . 8 trln 10-yr deficit cut offer
obama budget: don ' t rock the boat via for iphone
obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan 24en
obama debuts budget in new fiscal showdown
rt 95: : response from gop leaders to obama budget confirms beyond doubt that gop will never agree to any fiscal com . . .
obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan: us president barack obama unveils a $3 . 77tn (£2 . 4tn) b . . .
rt : rt 10: obama calls for $37m for restoration and $26m for san joaquin river htt . . .
obama budget: don ' t rock the boat via for ipad gop reaction shows obama a schmuck for proposing chained cpi
rt : paying for prek-- obama budget proposes increase in federal cigarette taxes from $1 . 01 to $1 . 95 per pack
rt : good news: president obama has released his . bad news: it’s 65 days late and $744 billion short of
obama ' s new budget will contain the infamous ' chained cpi ' - white house souza . . .
rt " : obama budget includes $235m for mental health , gun violence bastardo !
obama ' s proposed budget cuts will make more people poorer and more rich people richer . so whose fooling who ?
no one’s happy with obama budget plan | obama budget | fox nation
obama ' s 2014 budget seeks to bolster us treasury with increased taxes & royalties from companies
rt : reading obama ' s budget remarks , full of howlers . economy will grow if ' washington doesn ' t get in the way . ' what ' s he bee . . .
obama budget would block funding for horse meat inspections .
john boehner: obama budget deserves some credit for entitlement cuts - offshore tax havens
obama budget aims to raise $580 billion in new taxes from old . . .
obama budget: tax payers for common sense " what is missing is the detailed explanation for why or how these changes will be made . "
rt : wtf ? rt : president obama ' s new budget eliminates nearly all of the cuts sequestration imposes on the pentagon | . . .
rt : obama 2014 budget analysis: numbers based on imagined spending cuts and a middle-class tax hike . . .
rt : president obama ' s 2014 budget proposal via
obama seeks to allay liberals ' concerns over his budget
pres obama unveils fy14 budget that cuts deficit by $1 . 8t in 10 yrs in taxes for every $2 in cuts . like budgets , it ' s doa .
rt : president obama ' s new budget proposal includes a 94 cents-per-pack increase in the cigarette tax . the tax would . . . ht . . .
obama urges republicans to meet halfway on 2014 budget
rt : one budget proposal is a 94 cents-a-pack increase in the tax .
rt : obama budget implements benghazi report recommendations for additional $2 . 2 billion in embassy security funds . . . .
rt : msnbc panel is discussing the budget . not obama ' s budget , which just came out . rather , paul ryan ' s budget , which cam . . .
“: obama unveils $3 . 8 trillion budget for 2014 that would nearly double federal tax on cigarettes” good , maybe my dad would quit ?
obama budget two months late , declared dead on arrival - 2
fannie mae bailout seen turning profit by 2023 in obama budget - bloomberg
rt : obama budget projects national debt will climb to over $25-trillion over ten years . that ' s 97% of projected gdp of $26- . . .
obama budget proposal: promotes college , employer partnerships to improve instruction , prepares students for ed , skilled jobs .
rt : mt : obama budget infuriates women ' s group . . .
obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan: us president barack obama unveils a $3 . 77tn (£2 . 4tn) budget that propo . . .
obama budget: gotta love tax payers for common sense ! budget shy on details ! o must exlplain cuts
president obama unveils $3 . 77tn budget proposal , calling for fresh taxes on wealthy & cuts to benefit programmes . . .
obama calls new budget a ' fiscally responsible blueprint '
obama proposes 94cent tax hike on cigarettes: president barack obamas budget plan would increas . . .
obama ' s 2014 budget numbers are based on bad math , phantom revenues , imagined spending cuts , middle-class tax hike .
live blog: the obama budget (refresh for updates): lipstick on a failed government-centric energy policy presi . . .
thanks obama for military budget cuts . now i can ' t go off post to any of my doctors >:(
rt : obama budget proposes: " eliminate the deduction for contributions of conservation easements on golf courses . " durin . . .
obama seeks middle turf budget
rt : obama ' s budget: $1 . 1 trillion in new taxes , $8 . 2 trillion in new debt , nearly $1 trillion in new spending , and it won ' t . . .
pakis rape kids: obama unveils $3 . 8tn budget plan: us president barack obama unveils a $3 . 7 . . .
obama budget includes $66 billion to fund ‘preschool for all’ initiative: president . . .
obama introducing yet another spending extravaganza , calling it a responsible budget & deficit reduction while it adds another $1t deficit
rt : obama ' s $3 . 77 trillion budget proposal for 2014 also calls for long-term changes to medicare and social security . . . .
rt : mitch mcconnell: " obama ' s budget proposal is way too reaganesque . we won ' t be happy till he meets us halfway to wackad . . .
rt : heritage - live blog: the obama budget (refresh for updates): lipstick on a failed government-centric energy p . . . http . . .
rt : obama ' s new budget and competing proposals:
obama unveils budget meant to draw g . o . p . to the table , via
obama budget calls for possible sale of tva |
wow ! ! tva possibly getting sold . . .
read -->agency-by-agency analysis of obama budget: ( )
as d . c . area office vacancies mount from last brac round , obama budget calls for new base closures via
likes: chain-cpi , infrastructure $ , budget cuts , dislikes: the rest (no medicare reform) " what ' s in obama ' s budget
has obama gone crazy with this new budget ? 2 , 000 pages ? more tax hikes ? wasn ' t obamacare enough ? does he want another ?
rt : pres . obama ' s new budget funds a new pr plebescite: pdf of text here:
rt : president obama calls his budget a " balanced approach . " yeah , right . rt and spread the word:
rt : obama can release such an outrageous budget because he has dorkface dc reporters in his pocket .
rt : mt : quick hits on obama ' s new budget: what do you think ?
obama unveils budget meant to draw g . o . p . to the table
obama’s 2014 budget , by agency
rt 011968: 2 . 3 million strong petition opposing obama budget dropped off at white house from
rt : obama budget two months late , declared dead on arrival: for the fourth time in his presidency , president barac . . . . . .
thanks and for having me ! we talked about ' s here:
the obama budget and the definition of insanity ! via
rt : obama budget sees lower growth but housing , autos ' resurgent '
obama budget would increase spending on renewable energy - fox business: obama budget would increase spending . . .
rt : obama budget would invest in pre-k , high school overhaul
obama ' s budget has $65m for a dept . of education version of darpa
rt“: obama budget aims to raise $580 billion in new taxes from old ideas targeting rich - forbes
