just imagine if this was barca's xi next season : ter stregen , alves , hummels , silva , alba , busquets , xavi , iniesta . neymar , messi & pedro !
if barca and psg don't win the rope is coming out
barca have scored 102 goals so far this season ?? half of them been scored by messi alone !
fools !! rt : barcelona have started the game with 5 former academy players 
barcelona giving the ball away so much - . -
ian somerhalder & paul wesley - bloodynightcon3 , barcelona ( may 4-5 ) ian : " women need to stop hating ... 
wtf barca ! am on goals ... ht barca ... and over 5.5 goals . get ur act together !
joel campbell not playing for real betis vs barcelona ?
barcelona dominating the game with 67% possession . looks like messi will score tonight .
now watching : vs real betis
at camp nou watching fc barcelona ! this place is huuuuge
noooo ! : barcelona striker david villa has reportedly agreed terms with arsenal . ( source : as ) 
 barca are about to rape betis
psg bet down . just need barca win !
barca should have scored 5 by now !
 barca of real ? 
heh banna rt : min 2 : betis take the lead thanks to a strike from pabón . fc barcelona 0 - 1 betis . 
if barca get thiago silva & hummels , they're set for life .
really enjoy watching tello play for barca , fantastic player
barcelona without messi <<<
ah tello shot . lost count of shots taken by barca today .
david villa is having a mare tonight in front of goal . messi is gagging to get on ! 
barca need to score , psg need to score twice .
what a goal from real betis !
goal ! barca 1-2 betis , what a goal from perez !
tello shoots , but that was not a goal . ruben perez scores for betis . fc barcelona 1 - 2 real betis
barca are losing 2-1 to real betis ruben perez with a screamer !
half time ! barcelona 1 - 2 real betis .
half-time : barcelona-betis 1-2 . alexis ( 9) , pabon ( 2 ) ruben perez ( 42 ) 
what a goal by perez ! betis 2-1 barcelona at halftime ...
this just proves that barcelona cannot play without messi , losing 1-2 to betis at home .
rt : goooooooolazo ruben perez gives betis the lead 2-1 barcelona . what a goal . just watch - 
lol barcelona is losing to real betis 2-1
“ @101greatgoals : 2-1 real betis ! what . a . hit ! ruben perez v barcelona ” please watch this goal . incredible strike !
what a goal from perez just before the break . real betis 2-1 up and this is a great game to watch .
barca is losing to betis . a moment of silence please !
rt : barcelona is losing 1-2 ! is messi not playing again ? 
14 who said the era is ending ? barcelona are playing without messi man , dont get gassed
lol " : barcelona be toying with ma heart lately "
 : martinez : barça will be out of sorts : real betis defender , alex martinez is jumping at the chance to fa ... 
barcelona has to win
barcelona will win la liga but , playing like this , they are lucky there aren't another 10 games left . because they would probably lose it .
barcelona trailing 2-1 at camp nou to real betis .... messi is on the bench . that explains it .
rt : barcelona will not win the best la liga in history , real madrid already did . 100 points .
“ : whats wrong with barca ? ” i'll tell u , tito is wrong . and messi isn't playing . busquets , puyol , mascherano and pedro are injured
whaaa ? rt : last liga home game barcelona won after 1-2 at half-time was 19 years ago 5-2 vs sevilla on 14 may 1994
so without messi , dey cant evn beat a certain real betis at their own backyard and they call themselves best team in da world . 
this was some minutes ago ... it's 1-2 .. barcelona is losing ... 😔 
