 ac milan and catania just about to get under way at san siro and you can follow the game live ! with us here : htt ...
ac milán vs calcio catania 
catania goal waiting to happen . abate makes me want to fight him
milan all over catania !
watching and super mario balotelli
under pressure from catania forwards , mexes looks to pass . looks at bonera .. sighs and sends a back pass to amelia .
comon el shaarawy get the firstun matey 
flamini is getting too confident . pass the ball to a free striker , he shoots and blocked . 
i can't remember seeing acmilan playing with such intensity mission
ac milan v catania .... i miss balotelli ! 
well they better score . can't keep dis tempo for 90mins 022 i can't remember seeing acmilan playing with such intensity mission
milan are all over catania
as this game moves on it is looking eerily close to the juventus match in terms of missed passes and a tad disorganized . 
25 ' balotelli nearly scores/balotelli vicino al gol 0-0
tumben rambut elsha g standby .. 😅 
curva sud's banner for allegri during : " more respect for our coach ." 
focus focuss milan !!!!!!!! 
catania take the lead ck
gooool legrottaglie milan 0x1 catania 
how lucky can catania get
come on milan .... 
curva sud chanted " jump with us javier zanetti !" before legrottaglie shut them up ! go catania ! milan 0-1 catania .
cooking and watching ac milan 
lmao catania i dont understand
25 ' balotelli nearly scores/balotelli vicino al gol 0-0
catania are playing dirty !
wow milan should be winning this , catania's goalie has been very good .
not even catania's manager knew who frison is
forza milannnn up ballotelli
let's go catania !!!
flamini has been on fire !!! 
i didn't think that would play so great ..
haha dan ah swear catania was wokin obeah inno dan
thank fudgeballs for flamini ! 
curva sud are displaying a banner that says : " more respect for our coach ." 
good to see balotelli play well 
catania away , fiorentina home ( tuscan derby) , napoli away , ac milan home . look doomed unfortunately .
ac milan’s mario balotelli will allow his girlfriend to have sex with real madrid squad : mario balote ... 
now live on ss2hd & ss3 : serie a - ac milan v catania 
i would buy catania's keeper though .
 i want 1goal of el shaarawy 
second half has started 
second half kicks off : ac milan 1-1 catania . 
3npirate apparently so did the milan fans during the catania game . despicable . thought milan's fans had class .
we wish a quick recovery ... good luck javier/un grosso in bocca al lupo ... 
corner to milan . balotelli delivers and can't find a teammate . mr. allegri , please fix the corner routines . 
ac milan 1-1 catania 
50 ' 1-1 conclusione di el shaarawy , frison si stende e respinge
the floodgates will open in the second half ! 
 3-1 , that's enough
catania goalkeeper is amazing
photo : curva sud a few minutes before started : 
catania`s has been amazing vs ac milan
half hour to go , who will be the hero ? 
pray to the god , hope milan get the victory . so , milan kick out firenze from third positi0n . 
yeaaahh drawing with catania , amazing .
57 ' milan 1-1 catania : alberto frison has already racked up ( 7 ) saves to this point . 
wtf is going on 
acmilan don't do this !
catania is driving milan crazyy :d
gonzalo bergessio has put catania back in front against milan at san siro with a sublime finish : 
fuck you acmilan ! 
fs loosing 2-1 to catania - . -
demi champions musim depan . come on braaay 
 curva sud chanted " jump with us javier zanetti !" before legrottaglie shut them up ! go catania ! milan 0-1 catania .
can someone explain why tipsters have backed milan to beat catania ? our tipster cannot understand it !
that was good ! go go go !! 
ac milan heng heng gets the equalizer 2-2 against catania .
keep going keep pushing guys 
pazzini gets his brace . ac milan 3-2 catania .
the catania athletic coach has been sent off
forzamilan 10jr : come on milan !!!"
milan need a fourth goal all catania needs is another break and milan could be back in fourth
catania milan has been aclassic
one catania player was down when milan scored their third goal . i bet their fair play scudetto will be revoked .. will be gi…
 atania's alberto frison is fantastic ! he's absolutely talented & has strong character . could be an option to sign . 
latest score after 85mins ac milan 3-2 catania . 
balo couldnt be called offside ... the refs and catania would be fined for racism 
 thought catania equalised after the third
photoset : mathieu flamini celebrates after scoring during the match between ac milan and catania . 
well played boateng ! 
muntari shows great heart to track back and break up play . 
balooo kings come backk
balotelli doesn't miss penalties 
this is san siro :) 
ft : ac milan 4-2 catania and thank pazzini 
thanks for ac milan 
mario balotelli has stroked home a penalty that he controversially won to seal a 4-2 win for ac milan over catania : 
one catania player was down when milan scored their third goal . i bet their fair play scudetto will be revoked .. will be gi…
ac milan 4-2 catania : ac milan keep their champions league hopes alive with a win at the san siro
 now i will sleep :)
forza keep confidence and fighting to elsharawy92 
ac milan ..: d catania you are shit :)
flamini keeps scoring ! here celebrating today's goal with 
